DOCSP-35064 Add Sybase Mentions to Corpus (#118)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/projects/create-project-loading-schema-files.txt

      #. Select :guilabel:`Options` and enable :guilabel:`Include CREATE DATABASE statement`.

   .. tab:: Sybase
      :tabid: sybase-ddl

>       Importing DDL files with SybaseASE is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Importing DDL files with Sybase ASE is not supported.
```

Author: Sure @sarah-olson-mongodb, I have updated to `Sybase ASE` throughout for consistency.
